feat(curriculum): add shortest path algorithm to new Python curriculum (#52386)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-algorithm-design-by-building-the-shortest-path-algorithm/65579228c669fcbebffd01d5.md

---
id: 65579228c669fcbebffd01d5
title: Step 47
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-47
---

# --description--

> The other bug is subtle. When a shorter distance is found for a neighbor node, `paths[current]` gets assigned to the neighbor node path, `paths[node]`. This means both variables point to the same list. Since lists are mutable, when you append the neighbor node to its path, both `paths[node]` and `paths[current]` are modified because they are the same list. This results in wrong paths, although the distances are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other bug is subtle. When a shorter distance is found for a neighbor node, `paths[current]` gets assigned to the neighbor node path, `paths[node]`. 

This means both variables point to the same list. Since lists are mutable, when you append the neighbor node to its path, both `paths[node]` and `paths[current]` are modified because they are the same list. This results in wrong paths, although the distances are correct.
```

> The other bug is subtle. When a shorter distance is found for a neighbour node, `paths[current]` gets assigned to the neighbour node path, `paths[node]`. This means both variables point to the same list. Since lists are mutable, when you append the neighbour node to its path, both `paths[node]` and `paths[current]` are modified, because they are the same list. This results in wrong paths, altough the distances are correct.
> 
> Fix that bug by assigning a copy of `paths[current]` to the neighbour node path.

Reviewer 2: As we are following American English:

```suggestion
The other bug is subtle. When a shorter distance is found for a neighbor node, `paths[current]` gets assigned to the neighbor node path, `paths[node]`. This means both variables point to the same list. Since lists are mutable, when you append the neighbor node to its path, both `paths[node]` and `paths[current]` are modified because they are the same list. This results in wrong paths, although the distances are correct.

Fix that bug by assigning a copy of `paths[current]` to the neighbor node path.
```
